Add `Window::title` getter on Windows and macOS (#2526)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - On Windows and macOS, Add `Window::title` getter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Windows and macOS, add `Window::title` to query the current window title.
```
